# Twisted Trek

A dual world Action RPG, where actions in the normal version might affect the twisted version, and vice versa, including the dungeons! A key game design element is discovering and using these interactions to open up paths that would otherwise be inaccessible, inspired by the masterpiece that is the 3rd game in the *Zelda series* by **Nintendo** (*The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past*).

Unlike *Zelda*, though, this is less of an adventure and more of a traditional RPG, so hearts go out the window, replaced by a life bar and leveling system. The "required items from past dungeons needed to explore current dungeons" mechanic remains, but note the plural "items": this is WAY more involved than what *Zelda* games typically do here. Since the dungeons are paralleled in both worlds, world switching may be required to find the solutions to puzzles, in addition to using items other than the ones tried already. This is **not** your vanilla "find key, bring to lock" type of puzzle!

Each dungeon is themed, and finding how to use this theme to your advantage is important too, even in the very first dungeon, if only to give a gentle introduction to what is to come. Yes, there are dungeon-specific monsters as well; this is as much a mental test as it is a reflex test. The conclusion of each dungeon is of course a boss battle; the twist here is that it must be defeated in BOTH worlds to finish the dungeon completely. Finally, remember that the dungeons get deeper and add new mechanics as you go... the first one only has a single floor, with only a few mechanics to master, but that changes later!